Title: Allegory
Date: 2016-08-09 21:43
Category: General
Tags: conflict, people

*I have good friends who are drinkers. I have good friends who are social 
drinkers, but aren't really drinkers. I have good friends who aren't drinkers.
I have good friends who are drinkers, and also want all the non-drinkers to 
drink too. I have good friends who aren't drinkers and want to eradicate 
drinking, and maybe the drinkers too.*

---

For the longest time, there was no drinking. Then, in the cold climes up North,
alcohol was discovered. It became quickly popular in those wintry wastelands, 
and made human habitation bearable. It spread, as human ingenuity often does,
far and wide. It even made it down here, to the sunny South, where the juices 
and nectars had held sway, where the coconut was indeed *'King'*.

For the tropical Southerner, the harsh solution held no great attraction. And 
for the Northener who was now in paradise, it didn't really make sense to wear
fur coats or drink harsh vodka, either. And so, the hybrids happened. Mix a bit
of this, with a bit of that, swirl it around for a bit of divinity. Cocktails 
happened, Sangria happened. There was a perfect blend, and it felt right at 
home in the sun.

And this is how drinking survived in the South for many years. And then came 
the days of speed, of flying machines and mighty ships, of postal services
that were but instant.

And the vodka rediscovered the Cocktail, and the Cocktail rediscovered the 
Vodka.

And said the Vodka, "What have you done to my pristine condition?"

And said the Cocktail, "But is it not nature, for things to evolve and adapt?"

"From the North hail I, and you better not corrupt what is pure."

And so, with a huge marketing campaign too, the Vodka made its way into 
Southern bars again. The cotton sarong made way for the fur coat, and the 
centuries of Southern heritage made way for reverential aping of the North.

And the once peaceful bonds of brotherhood between the drinker and the 
non-drinker were broken, and families that for centuries were united regardless
of such trivialities were suddenly at war. The merry sessions of *baila* and 
dance made way for chavs running around starting brawls and breaking bottles.

To drink a cocktail was to blaspheme.

To even associate with a non-drinker was discouraged, unless you were engaging
them to drag them to the bar and make them drinkers too.

The non-drinkers felt threatened and reacted. Street corners were all suddenly 
filled with fruit juice stalls. The Coconut had to be respectfully addressed 
as "His *Majesty*, the King of Coconuts". Or else.

Shandy was thrown at bar patrons. Things got real ugly on sidewalks right 
outside.

"Would our fathers ever have started drinking if they knew the Sangria was 
going to make way for the Vodka?" "Fur coats? In this weather? Would our 
grandmothers ever have let this happen?" "All these drunks do is start brawls! 
It encourages violence, you know?"

"All they have is an irrational fear of Vodka and Whiskey!" "Once you've tasted
Lagavulin, can you ever go back? This is, and will always be, what drinking is
about". "Those coconuts are just bitter about how happy drinkers are!"

You'd think the world would grow closer, that the North and the South would 
finally just be directions on a map. But from here, it seems to me, the North
looks on gleefully as the South tears itself apart.

---

*I have good friends who are drinkers. I have good friends who are social 
drinkers, but aren't really drinkers. I have good friends who aren't drinkers.
I have good friends who are drinkers, and also want all the non-drinkers to 
drink too. I have good friends who aren't drinkers and want to eradicate 
drinking, and maybe the drinkers too.*

And if you are a good friend of mine, you'd know that this post isn't about 
drinking at all.